What are the three main design advantages that object orientation can provide? 

Explain each concept.

Abstraction - Let Python worry about it, you're a lazy programmer!
Encapsulation - Keep all the things together.
Polymorphism - It doesn't have to be the exact same thing, it can still share behaviors.

What is a class?

A class is the idea of an object. A class called Cat isn't actually a physical
feline that will wake you up at 6:00AM by kneading its stupid paws and meowing
for food. It's more like a blueprint for Python to know what properties a member
of the cat class has and does(for example, breed, diet type, the ability
to meow). 

What is an instance attribute?

Some property of the instantiation of a class. Going from the superclass Pet 
and subclass Cat example from lecture, an instance would be something written on
a post it note on the actual physical instance of cat. 

What is a method?

A method is a function defined in a class.

What is an instance in object orientation?

An instance is the actual object created by the __init___ constructor. 
In the lecture example, it wouldn't be the idea of a Pet or the idea of a Cat;
rather, it would be this actual cat, Mini, who grunts instead of meows
and has crossed eyes.

How is a class attribute different than an instance attribute? Give an example of when you might use each.

A class attribute is something that applies to that class. For example, if there's a
Cat class, the class attributes would be properties all cats share and the
actual instance of a Cat could have additional instance attributes, or instance 
attributes that you want to take precedence over Cat class attributes. The Cat class
attributes might be a species of felis catus, a carnivorous diet, or any other attributes
that all cats share. An instance of the Cat class with the name Turtle could also
have a breed of Siamese and fur texture of very soft, which not all members of the
Cat class would have. Another instance of cat might be a Sphinx breed with no fur,
or a Maine Coone with long fluffy fur - or a lion cut.